- no need for intermediate pydantic Models, I should have to write seperate beanie or Django Ninja models, I should be able to compile/move my Yosoi data contract VERY cleanly to a mongoDB or whatever ORM,ODM, or view framework I like, and I can't have it be plugin based, it has to be natively extensible or serializable to a raw unYosoi data model. Low priority
- multiple redundant data contracts per page. Say I'm on google and I want AdLink OrganicLink contracts each have a URL and title, the only differentiator is the docstring or Natural langauge to identify them by. Low priority
- need to handle a recaptcha mid way scrape, you can test this by hammering google search. Ideally its Google Search x 30 --> Recpatcha pops up --> discovery if needed VoidCrawl MCP to Yosoi fixture --> or cached a3node humanized clicking --> continue scraping rinse and repeat. As right now we are just assumming Recaptcha happens at start time, but it can also happen non-deterministly or out of a linear flow, so the ReplayPlan shold be able to cope with this. VERY high priority.
- How to save/pin multiple chromium profiles and use them in a cascade and see if the blockage is per IP or per profile in google search.
- semrush is too hard, recaptcha + login + 5/month rate limits (only top level domain in https://www.semrush.New Dashboardcom/analytics/organic/overview/?db=us&q=<TLDomain>&searchType=domain)
- teleport has a double load effect needed, and brave/bing/google search is too slow (SERP rankings)
- integrate geopy into Yosoi/VoidCrawl for easier teleportation
- for the 2nd and 3rd steps in my example pipeline how would I like the API to be written and function. What is it lacking now, what scaling problems will I run into (teleport timeout, antibot in hotpath, non-deterministly, multiple anit-bot tab)
